# Electron Community and Safety WG

## 2019-09-05 meeting minutes

### OpenJS Foundation move

* Determine how we will vote our üëç/üëé
* Determine what we will need or want to know or have addressed

### Miscellaneous

* Future handling of documenting or tracking confidential work items or decisions

### Reminder of who is next in [the rotation](https://github.com/electron/governance/blob/master/wg-community-safety/new-reports-rotation.md)

:tada: @tonyganch

### Previous actions

* [ ] PR a revision to the first warning response and @ the working group
* [x] Create a PR about the policy around leaves

### Current actions

* [ ] PR a revision to the first warning response and @ the working group
* [ ] Update leave policy to include GitHub org modifications

### Notes

* OpenJS vote: simple majority
* OpenJS vote: What do we need to know?
    * What would affect the Community and Safety Working Group?
    * Assumption: the foundation would allow us to operate independently, no structural changes
    * Assumption: vote is only to _pursue_ the option, not to finalize the decision
    * What do we want to have answered by the end of the "quiet period"
    * Are there any organizational imperatives imposed by the foundation? Board of directors? Responsibilities of working group chairs?
    * We'll probably think of more after the presentation on Monday
* Meeting note system
    1. Publish the unredacted meeting notes to the private repository
    2. At next meeting, agree on items to redact and then publish to public repository
* Old meeting notes?
    * **Decision:** Aspirationally, we'll redact and publish the old meeting notes from the Google doc to the public repository

#### Attendees

* @sofianguy
* @lee-dohm
* @codebytere
* @jkleinsc
* @groundwater
